---
URI: http://map.cnrs.fr/semantics/time/519f2d16-39df-4813-89f3-65ce6811f7ab
Label: 519f2d16-39df-4813-89f3-65ce6811f7ab
Generated: 2026-01-22 13:35:37
---

# 519f2d16-39df-4813-89f3-65ce6811f7ab

URI: http://map.cnrs.fr/semantics/time/519f2d16-39df-4813-89f3-65ce6811f7ab

## Types

- Time-Span

## Properties

- **P82A Begin Of The Begin**: 1453-01-01

## Relationships

- Painting of the last Judgment has produced Last judgment
- Lusignan occurs during Wall paintings of 1332/33
- St. John Lampadistis is identified by Άγιος Ιωάννης ο Λαμπαδιστής
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of Anastasia
- St. John Lampadistis is composed of Narthex
- St. John Lampadistis witnessed Painting of the last Judgment
- Lusignan occurs during Painting of donors Ioannes and Irene
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of the last Judgment
- Mural Painting is type of Initial painting
- Painting of the last Judgment took place at St. John Lampadistis
- Mural Painting has broader term Painting
- St. John Lampadistis is classified as type: Church
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of the Virgin of Mercy
- Lusignan is same as entity 9758548
- Lusignan is same as Q213638
- St. John Lampadistis bears feature Last judgment
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of Anastasias
- Lusignan occurs during Painting of Anastasias
- Lusignan occurs during Painting of the Virgin of Mercy
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of donors Ioannes and Irene
- Mural Painting is type of Painting cycle of 1332/33
- Painting of the last Judgment has time-span 1453-01-01
- Mural Painting is same as 300033644
- Lusignan occurs during Construction of the church of Demetrianos
- Last judgment forms part of Narthex
- Lusignan occurs during Painting of Anastasia
- St. John Lampadistis was modified by Painting of the last Judgment
- Last judgment was produced by Painting of the last Judgment
- Lusignan occurs during Painting cycle of 1332/33
- Lusignan has time-span 1191-01-01
- Last judgment is found on St. John Lampadistis
- Lusignan occurs during Painting of the last judgment
- Lusignan occurs during Painting of the last Judgment
- Painting of the last Judgment has modified St. John Lampadistis
- Painting of the last Judgment is classified as type: Mural Painting
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of Saint George
- St. John Lampadistis falls within Kalopanayiotis
- Mural Painting is type of Wall paintings of 1332/33
- 1453-01-01 is time-span of Painting of the last Judgment
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of the last judgment
- Painting of the last Judgment occurs during Lusignan
