---
URI: http://map.cnrs.fr/semantics/time/a3c596e5-26d9-4836-bcb8-bf9503fc8b79
Label: a3c596e5-26d9-4836-bcb8-bf9503fc8b79
Generated: 2026-01-22 13:35:36
---

# a3c596e5-26d9-4836-bcb8-bf9503fc8b79

URI: http://map.cnrs.fr/semantics/time/a3c596e5-26d9-4836-bcb8-bf9503fc8b79

## Types

- Time-Span

## Properties

- **P82A Begin Of The Begin**: 1375-01-01
- **P82B End Of The End**: 1425-12-31

## Relationships

- Lusignan occurs during Wall paintings of 1332/33
- Anastasia is found on St. Herakleidos
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of Anastasia
- St. Herakleidos falls within Kalopanayiotis
- Lusignan occurs during Painting of donors Ioannes and Irene
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of the last Judgment
- Mural Painting is type of Initial painting
- Painting of Anastasia occurs during Lusignan
- Mural Painting has broader term Painting
- 1375-01-01 is time-span of Painting of Anastasia
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of the Virgin of Mercy
- Lusignan is same as entity 9758548
- Lusignan is same as Q213638
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of Anastasias
- St. Herakleidos bears feature Anastasia
- Lusignan occurs during Painting of Anastasias
- Lusignan occurs during Painting of the Virgin of Mercy
- Painting of Anastasia has modified St. Herakleidos
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of donors Ioannes and Irene
- Mural Painting is type of Painting cycle of 1332/33
- Anastasia was produced by Painting of Anastasia
- Mural Painting is same as 300033644
- Lusignan occurs during Construction of the church of Demetrianos
- Lusignan occurs during Painting of Anastasia
- Painting of Anastasia has time-span 1375-01-01
- Painting of Anastasia is classified as type: Mural Painting
- Painting of Anastasia took place at St. Herakleidos
- St. Herakleidos witnessed Painting of Anastasia
- Lusignan occurs during Painting cycle of 1332/33
- Anastasia is denoted by Saint Anastasia
- Lusignan has time-span 1191-01-01
- St. Herakleidos was modified by Painting of Anastasia
- Lusignan occurs during Painting of the last judgment
- Lusignan occurs during Painting of the last Judgment
- St. Herakleidos is classified as type: Church
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of Saint George
- Mural Painting is type of Wall paintings of 1332/33
- Painting of Anastasia has produced Anastasia
- Mural Painting is type of Painting of the last judgment
