---
URI: http://map.cnrs.fr/semantics/appellation/gr/372f9c0f-4112-4bdc-a804-022530a76592/
Label: Άγιος Ιωάννης ο Λαμπαδιστής
Generated: 2026-01-22 12:23:32
---

# Άγιος Ιωάννης ο Λαμπαδιστής

URI: http://map.cnrs.fr/semantics/appellation/gr/372f9c0f-4112-4bdc-a804-022530a76592/

## Types

- Appellation

## Properties

- **Label**: Άγιος Ιωάννης ο Λαμπαδιστής

## Relationships

- Last judgment forms part of Narthex
- Painting of the last Judgment occurs during Lusignan
- Painting of the last Judgment has time-span 1453-01-01
- Church is type of St. John Lampadistis
- Church is same as Q16970
- Church is type of Église des Cordeliers de Nancy
- St. John Lampadistis bears feature Last judgment
- Church is type of Saint Nicholas of the Roof
- Church is type of Church of the Virgin
- Church is type of Palaia Enkleistra
- St. John Lampadistis is classified as type: Church
- Church is type of St. George of Ancona
- Church is type of Virgin in Sklaverochori
- Painting of the last Judgment has modified St. John Lampadistis
- St. John Lampadistis is composed of Narthex
- Painting of the last Judgment took place at St. John Lampadistis
- Narthex forms part of St. John Lampadistis
- Narthex has current location place
- Church is type of St Irene
- St. John Lampadistis was modified by Painting of the last Judgment
- Church is type of Museum of the foundation of archbishop Makarios III
- Last judgment is found on St. John Lampadistis
- Church is type of Panagia Kanakaria
- Church is type of Our Lady of Moutoullas
- Painting of the last Judgment has produced Last judgment
- Church is type of Church of the Transfiguration
- Άγιος Ιωάννης ο Λαμπαδιστής identifies St. John Lampadistis
- Last judgment was produced by Painting of the last Judgment
- Church is type of Asinou
- Church is type of Panagia Phorbiottisa
- Painting of the last Judgment is classified as type: Mural Painting
- Church is type of Saint Dimitrianos
- Church is type of Panagia Kera
- St. John Lampadistis is identified by Άγιος Ιωάννης ο Λαμπαδιστής
- Church is same as 300007466
- Narthex is composed of Last judgment
- Church is type of St. Herakleidos
- Church is type of St. Marina
- Church is type of Saints Joachim and Anna
